

## Meeting Minutes

[Previous semester](/meetings/)

### Client Meetings

#### Meeting 1

| Date       | 23/07/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 2:00pm - 3:45pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the semester plan
- Finalise detail in to-do list regarding website enhancement

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed the plans for developing the web application and database management system in the semester.
- Discussed the changes to be made on the web application.
- Discussed the drafted relational scheme of the website.
- Discussed the transported GitHub page.

**ACTION**

- Refine the [To-do list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwsWN-H-uBbPeM5wLQbboQgIgA2XRw6h_Kf8OV1vVms/edit?usp=sharing)
- Find out if attending the Team Formation Night is needed
- Meet Dr. Yu Lin for professional advice

#### Meeting 2

| Date       | 30/07/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 3:00pm - 5:00pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss meeting time
- Agile cake metaphore
- Prepare to sign IP agreement and SOW next week
- Pass on the message from Yu Lin (theoretical, complex, reduce functionalities)
- Discuss the option of making a web application
- Website refactoring
- Discuss DB front-end

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Meeting on campus with Zoom on, 1:30pm Monday and 3:00pm Friday(optional).
- Explain the concept of Agile so that they can understand we'll have to start with partial functionalities instead of all.
- Web application front-end for the database - doable on localhost only, no LAN allowed(router/wireless network interface controller)
- Refactor the website with React, why and how.
- The importancy of finalizing all changes connected to functionalities next week.
- Discuss the TODO list.
- Discuss the front-end of the database web application
  - default: sorted by action-required orders
  - sort by urgent/action-required/date/status
  - search by order number, organisation, client name, phone

**ACTION**

Our team:

- Prepare SOW
- Research on backend implementation and the tree structure on the front-end
- Build new relational schema
- Refine the new [To-do list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1btwHi3eLopXiOm5xvuh0cMI4QKRlClxouno7whJlSls/edit?usp=sharing)
- Refactor current website with React

OptoFab:

- DB schema: decide which fields need to be added to the part(edit)/order(calculated): Status(TBD), Urgent-bool(calculated), Description, Action required-bool(calculated), import date.
- Revision photonic coating page.
- Prepare the IP agreement

#### Meeting 3

| Date       | 02/08/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 1:30pm - 4:00pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Admin items
- Discuss the photonic coating refinement
- Discuss the database relational schema

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Make changes to new Statement of work.
- Show clients our landing page.
- Discuss refactoring of the website. Clients want to do the website in a total different way now that we're using React. The whole website and the requirements needs to be rewritten. The rest of the meeting was discussing the new UI. The relational schema will have to be redone too.

**ACTION**

Our team:

- Rewrite and tidy the [new requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K6BDtx4HNr7nXfBvyVaer5aA4DEk6mZs-fV2cHWTnoQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- Refactor the website.

OptoFab:

- Finalize requirements before our Friday meeting.

#### Meeting 4

| Date       | 06/08/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 3:00pm - 6:00pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Admin items
- Discuss the new structure of the website

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Made some changes to the IP agreement and SOW.
- Inform clients about the tutorial details and audit 1.
- Finished restructuring Optical coating and SPDT. Photonic TBD.

**ACTION**

Our team:

- Rewrite and tidy the [new requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K6BDtx4HNr7nXfBvyVaer5aA4DEk6mZs-fV2cHWTnoQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- Refactor the website.

OptoFab:

- Finalize requirements before the next meeting.

#### Meeting 5

| Date       | 09/08/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 1:30pm - 4:00pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Details of SOW
- Discuss the new structure of the website

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Finished restructuring the whole website. See requirements [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K6BDtx4HNr7nXfBvyVaer5aA4DEk6mZs-fV2cHWTnoQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- Pretty much finished specifying [requirements of database](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9Su61qbRqsEeCoD2Dzyc6kWu56wFWV7/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=116842803310347638522&rtpof=true&sd=true).

**ACTION**

Our team:

- Refactor the website.
- Start relational schema design.

OptoFab:

- Resign IP agreement.

#### Meeting 6

| Date       | 16/08/2021                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 1:30pm - 2:10pm                                                           |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Keep OptoFab updated on our current progress

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Show appreciation for the fact that OptoFab joined us on Audit 1.
- Demonstrated our current progress of the website by running the code [here](https://github.com/swingrope/optofab-website).
- Described the database progress: the current schemas are on seperate working space. This week we'll combine them and start building tables while working on the front-end at the same time.

**ACTION**

Our team:

- Refactor the website.
- Finish relational schema design and start building tables and application front-end design.

#### Meeting 7

| Date       | 23/08/2021                                                                            |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 1:30pm - 2:30pm                                                                       |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Phillip Wu, Deon Hickey, Johannes Eichholz, Sukanta Debbarma, Stephen Madden |

**AGENDA**

- Phillip will show the current Customer Portal front-end CSS design and get some feedback from the clients
- Order Management System front-end progress update, Q&A.
- Customer portal progress update, Q&A.

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Phillip has shown the current Customer Portal front-end CSS design. OptoFab asked us to change the Logo. In general, they didn't show much interest in the design. They want to make sure that the functionalities are done by the end of the semester.
- Some fields were added to Order Management System front-end. Some questions raised in [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9Su61qbRqsEeCoD2Dzyc6kWu56wFWV7/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=116842803310347638522&rtpof=true&sd=true) were answered.
- 2 new TODO items were added into the [TODO list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E55TGr5dOff8SCUpF3eKQ2Bi9mLJuGd8ZH3vnBS82Gs/edit?usp=sharing). OptoFab needs some further discussion regarding chamfers and material lists (See ACTION).

**ACTION**

Our team:

1. Keep refining the website. Check the further steps at the end of [Refinements Week4](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E55TGr5dOff8SCUpF3eKQ2Bi9mLJuGd8ZH3vnBS82Gs/edit?usp=sharing).
2. Adjust the current front-end by feedback. Combine the current backend and front-end parts of the Order Management System into one project and keep developing it.

OptoFab:

1. Think about changing chamfers x,y in Geometry module to what.
2. Specify the following: Optical - Stock - Material dropdown options; Optical - not Stock - Material dropdown options; Photonic - not Stock - Material dropdown options.

### Group Meetings

#### Meeting 1

| Date       | 28/07/2021                                                                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 9:30pm - 11:00pm                                                              |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the semester plan
- Discuss the changes on the current website

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed the plans for developing the web application and database management system in the semester.
- Discussed the changes to be made on the website.
- Discussed the drafted relational scheme of the website.
- Discussed the transported GitHub page.

**ACTION**

- Yaoyi: Draft statement of work.
- Guoyu, Ruiqiao: Rewrite relational schema for the database.
- Wo: Research tech specs for the database.
- Phillip, Wo: Refine landing page
- Wo: Communicate with Martin regarding the usage of React
- Ruoqian, Hengrui: Refactor the website

#### Meeting 2

| Date       | 31/07/2021                                                                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 9:00pm - 10:00pm                                                              |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the next week plan
- Discuss the changes on the current web application and the detailed database user interface

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed the plans for developing the web application and database management system for next week
- Discussed new changes to be made on the web application
- Discussed the detailed database user interface

**ACTION**

- Wo, Ruoqian, Hengrui will hold a meeting for website this Sunday
- Ruiqiao and Guoyu will create the relational schema for the database
- Tian will continue working on the team landing page layout
- Yaoyi will work on the importing data into database

#### Meeting 3

| Date       | 02/08/2021                                                                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 6:30pm - 7:10pm                                                               |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the next week plan
- Discuss the changes on the current web application

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discuss the next week plan
- Discuss the changes on the current web application

**ACTION**

- Continue working on website refactor
- Stop creating relational schema until we get the detailed requirements
- Doing research on database web application development tools
- Assign tasks to everyone and prepare for the audit

#### Meeting 4

| Date       | 06/08/2021                                                                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 9:30pm - 10:10pm                                                              |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the next week plan
- Discuss the changes on the current web application
- Discuss the IP Agreement and SOW

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed the plans for developing the web application for next week
- Discussed new changes to be made on the web application
- Discussed the changes on IP Agreement

**ACTION**

- Continue working on website refactor
- Every team member will need to sign the IP Agreement and SOW
- Preparing for Audit 1

#### Meeting 5

| Date       | 09/08/2021                                              |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 8:00pm - 8:30pm                                         |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the next week plan
- Discuss the changes on the current web application
- Discuss the Audit1
- Discuss the database

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed the plans for developing the web application for next week.
- Discussed new changes to be made on the web application.
- Assigned tasks for this week

**ACTION**

- Hengrui and Ruoqian will continue working on website refactor
- Ruiqiao and Guoyu will start work on the relational schema

#### Meeting 6

| Date       | 16/08/2021                                                                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 8:00pm - 8:30pm                                                               |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Review the feedback provided by our tutor and shadow team according to the Audit 1

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed what feedback has been given and how we can improve it

**ACTION**

- Add more details in the meeting minutes,for example add a link of “to do list”
- For next tutorial, we will discuss more details about the feedback of Audit 1 with our tutor
- Add the last semester’s decision making log to our repository
- Add the hours each team member contributed on their tasks

#### Meeting 7

| Date       | 19/08/2021                         |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------- |
| Time       | 9:00pm - 9:30pm                    |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss futher actions on developing local order management system.

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Found out that the current relational schema is not updated to the newest requirements.
- Realised that a front-end prototype is needed for better understanding.
- Need to speed up the development process.

**ACTION**

- Guoyu and Ruiqiao will correct their parts of relational schema according to [updated requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n9Su61qbRqsEeCoD2Dzyc6kWu56wFWV7/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=116842803310347638522&rtpof=true&sd=true).
- Ruiqiao will create a repo for local order management system on GitHub.
- Wo will create a prototype for the front-end of local order management system.

#### Meeting 8
  
| Date       | 23/08/2021                                                                  |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 8:00pm - 8:30pm                                                             |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Ruoqian Wu,Yaoyi Xu, Hengrui Xu,Wu Tian |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss the meeting with clients on Monday
- Discuss futher actions on developing local order management system.
- Discuss futher actions on developing the website.
- Discuss the next Audit

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Disucussed the front-end of the data management system will change a little bit.
- Disucussed who took charge of the "upload file "function in the website development.
- Discussed who took charge of the Audit 2 and Audit 3.

**ACTION**
- Ruiqiao Jiang, Hengrui Xu and Ruoqian Wu will take charge of the next audit.
- Hengrui Xu will refactor the "upload file "function of the website.
- Philip will send our agenda to tutor and shadow team.
- Ruiqiao will refactor the back-end of the management system.
- Wo will refactor the front-end of the management system.

#### Meeting 9

| Date       | 28/08/2021                         |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------- |
| Time       | 9:30pm - 10:00pm                   |
| Attendance | Wo Tian, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss order management system status
- Discuss content in Audit 2

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Discussed management system status, including front-end and SQL creation.
- Discussed the task assignment for next step (week 6)
- Discussed the audit presentation

**ACTION**

- Wo: improve front-end, create the back-end of the order management system
- Guoyu: develop function to import order records from external file (JSON)
- Ruiqiao: finalize the table creation and start work on front-end part 3.
- Yaoyi: complete the status report for audit 2


### Tutorials

#### Week 2

| Date       | 04/08/2021                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 5:00pm - 7:00pm                                                                         |
| Attendance | Greg Bek, Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Discuss SOW
- Find out more on how to prepare for Audit 1

**DISCUSSIONS**

- General information about TechLauncher program and audit 1
- General information about OptoFab project
- The tough situation about not writing SOW too broadly

**ACTION**

- Send SOW to Greg for feedback
- Prepare for Audit 1

#### Week 3 - Audit 1

| Date       | 11/08/2021                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 5:00pm - 7:00pm                                                                         |
| Attendance | Greg Bek, Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

- Audit 1 presentation
  - Project client map
  - Workflow of the project in detail
  - Communication plan with client
  - Requirements, status and risk assignment of the project
  - Roadmap this semester
  - Team meetings and logs

**DISCUSSIONS**

- Testing phase in the roadmap
- Data storage using local database instead of cloud
- Pivot to `React.js`
- Statement of work and future possible features added by the client
- Decisions about audit presentation
- Rationales behing the merging reflection and decision making

**ACTION**

- N/A

#### Week 4

| Date       | 18/08/2021                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 5:00pm - 7:00pm                                                                         |
| Attendance | Greg Bek, Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

The content of agenda is from the email sent to our tutor and shadow team:

> Our team would like to focus on the feedback from the audit report of week 3 for Wednesday tutorial.<br>
> On Monday, we had a group meeting discussing and reflecting on the critiques and suggestions from tutor, client and shadow team. We appreciate the honest feedback, and we would like to improve our work in the future.  However, we do need clarifications on some of the comments.<br>
> Our team has marked the points for tomorrow’s tutorial with question mark ❓ in <https://optofab.github.io/retrospectives/2021-08-16-Retrospective-Audit-1-Semester2/> , please check it out.

**DISCUSSIONS & ACTIONS**

The list number of the following discussion points correspond to the :question: marks on the [retrospective page](https://optofab.github.io/retrospectives/2021-08-16-Retrospective-Audit-1-Semester2/).

1. "Table of contents in dropdown menu conflicts with navbar". <br>
   It's a misunderstanding of the landing page structure. All good. <br>

2. "SOW does not outline what deliverables you will make and how progress will be measured by your team and your customer." <br>
   All aspects mentioned in the SOW are team's deliverables. In the future, include more details in the statement of work to be more descriptive and clear. However, since this time the SOW has already been signed, there would be no need to modify it now. <br>

3. "It is concerning that you consider the risk of serious data mismatching as Possible 'Risk will likely occur'." <br>
   At the time of assessing the risks, our team could anticipate a possibility of data mismatch since the this was an issue for last semester. However, issues like data mismatch could lead to serious consequences, so the lesson is that for the risk register to be effective and practical, the team should come up with potential solutions to mitigate the risks in a concrete way. Ideally, the risk assessment should be practical and specific to the project the team is working on. <br>

4. "There have been a few instances where the team have had to refactor something multiple times because they started before finalising design/negotiation with clients on that aspect of the project." <br>
   The process is actually very agile though it doesn't follow the agile way to the word, because the team are working on one sprint per week and trying to deliver to the client constantly. <br>

5. "It may be too early to judge team collaboration until substantial work has been done but evidence of team work can be better shown with more detailed communications documentation and better formatted to do list. It appears difficult for an outsider to understand the to-do list as it is." <br>
   At the moment, the team cannot afford perfecting every document for stakeholders that are not our client. As long as the document such as the to-do list is sufficient for team members to understand and the team to make progress, it would suffice. <br>

6. "The team should make sure that the deputy spokesperson is in a position to backup the project manager, and that in turn one or two other team members shadows the deputy. " <br>
   The deputy spokesperson should be aware of the situation. For example, the deputy should join in the meeting every few weeks as a listening ear. On the other hand, actually every member is briefed every Monday and Friday night in the group meeting after the spokesperson holds a meetings with the client. <br>

7. "Though it is clear that the team has benefitted from having one person communicate with the client, the client mentioned a lag when contacting the necessary members of the team." + "It is suggested that the team assign a Front End leader and Back End leader to join the client meetings together with the project manager." <br>
   The suggestion has a good point, but current situation of project development makes it too late to adopt this suggestion, as the team has to allocate time in a more efficient way by assigning one spokesperson to communicate with the client and the rest of the team working on the implementation. <br>

8. "The team should have a reflection log, and individually every team member should have some reflections to capture as well." <br>
   The purpose of the reflection is for every member's voice to be heard and it also shows interactions and growth within the team. The personal reflection is optional and not necessarily kept weekly, but it would be good to show the evidence of team member's development along the journey. <br>

9. "It would be better if the team could add the rationale behind each risk or even add a reflection log to show evidence of reflection among the team. Similar to the decision log, what exactly happened that gave rise to each risk." <br>
   The team would add more pluses and minuses in the outcomes in the records. In this way, when reviewing in the future, one can easily grasp the big picture from these records. <br>

#### Week 5

| Date       | 25/08/2021                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Time       | 5:00pm - 7:00pm                                                                         |
| Attendance | Greg Bek, Wo Tian, Tian Wu, Hengrui Xu, Ruiqiao Jiang, Guoyu Wang, Yaoyi Xu, Ruoqian Wu |

**AGENDA**

The content of agenda is from the email sent to our tutor and shadow team:

1. How to upgrade our website hosted at http://tl20212.cecs.anu.edu.au/  from `http` to `https`?
2. Based on the feedback and discussion, our team have adopted many suggestions and made changes in our landing page site (see updated status in https://optofab.github.io/retrospectives/2021-08-16-Retrospective-Audit-1-Semester2/ where ⛵️ means ongoing changes and ☑️ means changes adopted). Moreover, team members have added their personal reflection logs in https://optofab.github.io/logs/#reflection-log 
3. We would like to do better for next audit, so is there a detailed rubric on the audit for both teams to check and improve?

**DISCUSSIONS & ACTIONS**

1. "It will be better if you can neet with our shadow team from time  to time to discuss the project status".<br>
2.  If we want to change from HTTP to HTTPS, we need to apply for a certificate for the website. We need to buy SSL certificate, and we need to modify and convert the server configuration of the current website. In addition, we need to change all hyperlinks using HTTP to HTTPS in the source code of our website.<br>
3.  We can follow the requirement on the TechLauncher website. "https://cs.anu.edu.au/TechLauncher/current_students/evaluation/project_audits/". And also Greg sent us a detailed email about the expectations and suggestions for Audit 2.



