---
layout: post
title: "Individual Retrospective - Phillip"
author: Tian WU
tag:
  - "Reflection"
  - "Technical Issues"
  - "Code Review"
---

> “Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.” ― [Carl Gustav Jung](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Jung)

## The Opening (Week 1 - Week 3)

The team has to migrate the original landing page hosted on Confluence to GitHub because the subcription fees are too high. So the team makes a quick decision to take advantage of the free GitHub pages to present our project for this sememster. I set it up during the weekend before the first week and everyone now uses it to update the project smoothly. One of the challenges is that one doesn't have the required knowledge at hand for every task and change, so I have to pick it up whenever it's needed. With every challenge comes every excitement, after overcoming it.

One thing I have doubts about is that whether it is necessary to have a "project manager" who acts in between the team and the client. In my opinion, the extra layer makes it less effective and direct although it seems to save the rest of the team some time communicating with the client in the weekly meetings. It is similar to the one-presenter audit in audit 1 and last semester. One of the aspects I should improve is to more actively engage myself in the team discussion, and bring forward different suggestions.

For the rest of the time, I spend most of the time teaching myself `Figma` design and reviewing some `css` tricks.

## The Middlegame (Week 4 - Week 7)

As the project progresses, the website portal sub-team are picking up the coding in `React.js` pretty quickly. The `React.js` makes it easier for fast iterations whenever there's an update of requirement from our client. Our client loves it and really speeds up the development process by giving feedback quickly.

In order to make the debugging phase less painful, I decide to checkout a whole new branch to re-write the code in `typescript`. Most of the transition is fairly easy. But the thing is that in order for `typecript` to function well, I have to understand the functional logic well but it takes time to go over all the code my teammates have written. I need to make extra time to make up for the required background knowledge. Caught in the middle, I can't really go back, so I have to move on. The lesson here is that 10 hours a week is not enough for the refactoring and I should really set aside some time for the test flight beforehand.

As I start to apply the design to the real `css` code for the website styling, I find it to be more time consuming than expected. The reality is that there're lots of tools using `React.js` to build website. For starters, the `create-react-app` and `Gatsby` are two popular choices. As I was learning `React` using `Gatsby` this semester, our team was using the `create-react-app`. I thought it would be fairly seamless to transition from one to the other, and I was partly right. The prerequisite to do so is being familiar with the project structures and file configurations, then the transition would be guided and guaranteed minimum pain. I was not fluent in using `create-react-app` which took me quite a while to implement the same functionality that's a built-in component in `Gatsby`. Luckily, the term break gives me ample time to test and improve. And I got over the difficulity in the end. The lesson here is that never assume anything unless I try them out and do my own research. And always leave some time for the unexpected, so that I can still have a chance to fix things up.

In the process of writing the code, I find that although the team's intentions are good by re-using `React` components as much as possible, there're plenty of repetitive code snippets and inflexible components which are hard to get ideal styling effect. Without furthering refactoring, there will be much more time spent in maintaining the codebase for the future teams than actually needed with an effective refactoring process along the way. For me, I have to find go with the existed code most of the time by styling it where it is, which results in corresponding repetitive styling code snippets. For the relatively independent pages such as the homepage, and success/error pages, I am trying to refactor my components whenever necessary. In this way, the later team can take over the styling and make modifications quite easily.

As a team, the inconsistent coding styles among team members add more problems of code refactoring to the project. One member is mainly communicating with the client most of the time during client meetings, and the sub-teams are not functioning efficiently within 10 hours/person on a weekly basis. The goal of the project is leaning towards making the client happy, and getting a good score (which I'm not against). But it should not be the priority of the project as I would love to focus more on the implementation and constantly try new tools to get things working more effectively. The trial and error phase is of more value than sticking to the stable workflow without taking risks. After doing all of that, the team will get clients' satisfaction and high scores as a result naturally. On the one hand, I know that every member has his/her own opinion, so I should work together with everyone despite different preferences. On the other hand, I am not letting it get in the way of trying new things myself. For example, although the team don't have time for optional functionalities, I try in my free time to test the Firebase integration (e.g. cloud storage...), GraphQL database options, and the severless email services. The process of trying and creating new things is always enjoyable and worth every minute of my time.

One thing I would say a few more words about is the misconception that the front-end design doesn't require technical skills. As is pointed out by one team member in the feedback of audit 2 stating that I should _show more technical skills_ and rate the contribution as _significantly below_. That's really an unfortunate thing to say as he/she misunderstands the coding and technicalities behind the scene.

For one thing, designing the interface and the layouts using various elements requires much understanding of how the app will work when presented to the user. In order to make the components such as buttons, form elements and styles reusable, one has to carefully think ahead of the overall structure of the website, while keeps refactoring whenever necessary. The [`Figma`](https://www.figma.com/file/ol7ZmeiJ24GHMqA7N7IebW/OptoFab?node-id=0%3A1) file takes continuous efforts to build from the start, and I believe all the sweats are worth it. It's gonna be essential for the later teams to make easy modifications to the website themes and layouts without worrying about losing consistency, as this tool really translates both the logic and styles well from the design to the actual `css` code in the website.

For another, the `css` using `styled-components` and `templating` using `Gatsby` involve lots of technical considerations. Fair to say that `css` is very easy to pick up but it takes much longer time to get a hang of it. Without getting one's hands dirty with `css` and jumping right to the conclusion that it's no "technical skills" required, this critique is put forward in a perfunctory manner. The reason I use `Gatsby` is that I can utilize many handy plugins such as `contentful`, `styled-components` with integrated optimization for website performance.

In my case, I have scanned through lots of the written code on the front-end development on GitHub repo, although reading them is no enjoyable in any sense, I very much appreciate the efforts that's devoted to it. I also try to code part of it myself to get it working such as the form generating and uploading funcitonalities, and compare it with the existed code. Only after then can I suggest that the coding really needs more refactoring, optimization and comments, in order for future teams to maintain the codebase.

I'm not blaming anyone for the practices adopted in the project, though if we were to start over, a code review process is strongly recommended to boost the efficiency and improve the code quality. Also, the team tends to divide into groups that only care about its own agenda without really devoting to making a great product. I have trouble agreeing with this "practical" pivot as I prefer to work out a product that'll make myself proud, despite all kinds of difficulties and more dedication required. I should also learn from the experience that the focus should be to improve the skills constantly while meeting every challenge along the way, instead of paying attention to the non-constructive critique.

## The Endgame (Week 7 - Week 12)
