---
layout: workrecord
---

22/02/2021 - 28/02/2021

- Wo Tian

  - Prepared agendas and pitches for meetings

  - Hosted internal and external meetings

  - General communication with all stakeholders (including @Priscilla Kan John , @Charles Gretton and CSIT)

  - Updated decision making log

  - Went through the website thoroughly and wrote the “web correction“ log for recording all the inconsistency with the user requirements

  - Attended an extra meeting with @sukanta debbarma to adjust the website further and record places for adding text and diagrams on the website.

  - Attended subteam meetings with @Guoyu Wang @Hengrui Xu adjusting the relational schema and discussing the script for the project video

  - Attended an extra meeting with @sukanta debbarma @Deon.Hickey @stephen.madden to discuss further details of the user requirements of the database

  - Recorded a short video of @stephen.madden with @Guoyu Wang and @Hengrui Xu as a part of the project video

  - Finished writing the relational schema (44 tables) according to new requirements

  - Wrote the skeleton of the presentation for the project video animation with @Hengrui Xu and @Guoyu Wang

  - Wrote the commentary for the project video and narrated the project video (>100 takes)

- Tian Wu

  - Team meeting and client meeting to improve website design

  - Improvement of webpage layout and css refactoring

  - Draft of alternative design for easier maintenance in the future (ongoing)

- Ruoqian Wu

  - Participated in client and group meeting.

  - Tested the website for all components in all pages.

  - Wrote additional functions and fixed bugs in Javascript.

  - Fixed bugs in HTML to adopt the functions.

  - Provided instrument and opinions in video recording.

- Yaoyi Xu

  - Participated the client and group meeting.

  - Provided ideas for video demonstration.

  - Finished main back-end functions, including handling multiple attachments, retrieving order and customer information from front-end, and sending emails with attachments.

  - Worked with front-end to test and debug, and fixed significant amounts of bugs.

- Hengrui Xu

  - Participated in client meeting both in whole group and database group

  - Attended subteam meetings with @Guoyu Wang @Wo Tian adjusting the relational schema and discussing the script for the project video

  - Recorded a short video of @stephen.madden with @Guoyu Wang and @Wo Tian as a part of the project video

  - Modified HTML of optic part

  - Made the animation for the presentation for the project video

- Ruiqiao Jiang

  - Wrote meeting minutes with clients for the meeting on April 27th.

  - Modified the website several times according to the clients' needs.

  - Added a new html filet stock.html.

  - Modified the photonic coating and the SPDT coating.

  - Joined the team meeting on how to improve the website and make some modifications according to it.

- Guoyu Wang

  - Participated in client and group meeting, both with whole group meeting and the database subgroup.

    - Attended subgroup meetings with @Wo Tian @Hengrui Xu adjusting the relational schema and discussing the script for the project video

    - Recorded a short video of @stephen.madden with @Wo Tian and @Hengrui Xu as a part of the project video

    - Designed the powerpoint of the presentation for the project video animation with @Hengrui Xu and @Wo Tian

  - Wrote group meeting minutes and client meeting minutes (database group)
